Fixing Bounding Box format for Text Detection isn't specified (#1734)
open-mmlab/mmocr: docs/en/migration/dataset.md

    ]
}
```

> The bounding box format is as follows: `[min_x, min_y, width, height]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The bounding box format is as follows: `[min_x, min_y, max_x, max_y]`
```
